#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aniso8601==7.0.0
    # via graphene
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-cors-headers
asttokens==3.0.0
    # via stack-data
attrs==25.1.0
    # via
    #   cattrs
    #   requests-cache
authlib==1.4.1
    # via drf-oidc-auth
autopep8==2.3.2
    # via django-silk
babel==2.16.0
    # via -r requirements.in
cachetools==5.5.1
    # via django-helusers
cattrs==24.1.2
    # via requests-cache
certifi==2024.12.14
    # via
    #   elastic-apm
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.17.1
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via requests
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via -r requirements.in
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via coreapi
cryptography==44.0.1
    # via
    #   authlib
    #   drf-oidc-auth
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
deprecation==2.1.0
    # via django-helusers
django==4.2.18
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-anymail
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-filter
    #   django-graphql-geojson
    #   django-graphql-jwt
    #   django-helusers
    #   django-ilmoitin
    #   django-js-asset
    #   django-mailer
    #   django-munigeo
    #   django-parler
    #   django-parler-rest
    #   django-silk
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-oidc-auth
    #   graphene-django
    #   helsinki-profile-gdpr-api
django-anymail==12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-ilmoitin
django-cors-headers==4.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-environ==0.12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-filter==24.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django-graphql-geojson==0.1.4
    # via -r requirements.in
django-graphql-jwt==0.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-helusers==0.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   helsinki-profile-gdpr-api
django-ilmoitin[graphql-api,graphql_api]==0.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-js-asset==3.0.1
    # via django-mptt
django-mailer==2.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-ilmoitin
django-mptt==0.16.0
    # via django-munigeo
django-munigeo==0.3.7
    # via -r requirements.in
django-parler==2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-ilmoitin
    #   django-munigeo
    #   django-parler-rest
django-parler-rest==2.2
    # via django-munigeo
django-silk==5.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework==3.15.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-parler-rest
    #   drf-oidc-auth
    #   helsinki-profile-gdpr-api
drf-oidc-auth==3.0.0
    # via helsinki-profile-gdpr-api
ecdsa==0.19.0
    # via python-jose
ecs-logging==2.2.0
    # via elastic-apm
elastic-apm==6.23.0
    # via -r requirements.in
executing==2.2.0
    # via stack-data
factory-boy==3.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
faker==35.0.0
    # via factory-boy
gprof2dot==2024.6.6
    # via django-silk
graphene==2.1.9
    # via
    #   django-graphql-jwt
    #   django-ilmoitin
    #   graphene-django
    #   graphene-federation
graphene-django==2.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-graphql-geojson
    #   django-graphql-jwt
    #   django-ilmoitin
graphene-django-optimizer==0.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
graphene-federation==0.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
graphene-file-upload==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
graphql-core==2.3.2
    # via
    #   django-ilmoitin
    #   graphene
    #   graphene-django
    #   graphql-relay
graphql-relay==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-ilmoitin
    #   graphene
helsinki-profile-gdpr-api==0.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.10
    # via requests
ipython==8.31.0
    # via -r requirements.in
itypes==1.2.0
    # via coreapi
jedi==0.19.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.5
    # via
    #   coreschema
    #   django-ilmoitin
json-log-formatter==1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
lockfile==0.12.2
    # via django-mailer
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via ipython
packaging==24.2
    # via deprecation
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
platformdirs==4.3.6
    # via requests-cache
promise==2.3
    # via
    #   graphene-django
    #   graphql-core
    #   graphql-relay
prompt-toolkit==3.0.50
    # via ipython
psycopg==3.2.4
    # via -r requirements.in
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via stack-data
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   python-jose
    #   rsa
pycodestyle==2.12.1
    # via autopep8
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pygments==2.19.1
    # via ipython
pyjwt==2.10.1
    # via django-graphql-jwt
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via faker
python-jose==3.3.0
    # via django-helusers
pytz==2024.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via django-munigeo
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   coreapi
    #   django-anymail
    #   django-helusers
    #   django-munigeo
    #   drf-oidc-auth
    #   requests-cache
requests-cache==1.2.1
    # via django-munigeo
rsa==4.9
    # via python-jose
rx==1.6.3
    # via graphql-core
sentry-sdk==2.20.0
    # via -r requirements.in
singledispatch==4.1.0
    # via graphene-django
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   django-munigeo
    #   ecdsa
    #   graphene
    #   graphene-file-upload
    #   graphql-core
    #   graphql-relay
    #   promise
    #   python-dateutil
    #   url-normalize
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-silk
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via graphene-django
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   matplotlib-inline
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   faker
    #   ipython
    #   psycopg
ujson==5.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via coreapi
url-normalize==1.4.3
    # via requests-cache
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via
    #   django-anymail
    #   elastic-apm
    #   requests
    #   requests-cache
    #   sentry-sdk
uwsgi==2.0.28
    # via -r requirements.in
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via elastic-apm
xlsxwriter==3.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
